I thought it was your grandma's heart.
This is not worth it to me,
Who knew you were so shameless, actually putting pesticide in your wine?
The guard has become a human being.
You are still a victim, you will encounter this dog man who sent you a private message today!
Ah, Your Majesty is disturbing my life, so it would be useless for you to kill me.
On the contrary, you will become unable to kill and avoid defeating Li Jiangming.
My grandma will be killed
Come on, come on, come on, goodbye
You're not worth it for someone like me
If you want to do it, let’s see how you change.
You become just a daughter like you
White-haired people are black-haired people
Think about how he will live in the future.
Grandma doesn't care
Kill, kill your angry sister.
this matter
It's not my fault alone. Think about it.
last night i already
Keep your wits about you and do it right
Instead, you were the one who broke through first.
There's nothing I can do, okay
I can't kill my sister, my sister, my uncle.
What a flower of mine. Tell me more.
Every time I have to write down the next one to clean up, it’s your lady.
You really don’t blame me last night
Master, let's talk about our plan. What's going on?
After I finish speaking, I will also write to clean up your lady.
Your Majesty kisses you